https://web.archive.org/web/20110207010514/http://www.unboundbook.org/?page_id=3

Welcome to Unbound Publishing, a small publishing venture aimed at supporting quality horror roleplaying games.

THE GOALS OF UNBOUND PUBLISHING

Unbound Publishing has three simple goals -

Produce exciting, new and fun roleplaying material for our favourite horror roleplaying games.
Ensure everything we publish is of the highest quality – both in content and production.
Ensure it is available for the best price going – FREE!
HOW WE CAME TO BE…

Unbound Publishing was first dreamed up in late 2003, when Marcus Bone, with the help of many other fans of Call of Cthuthu (CoC), started publishing The Unbound Book (UBB). This pdf format fanzine was aimed at collecting various classic era Call of Cthulhu adventures in a consistent format and structure. While the enterprise only saw the publication of 3 issues, many other ideas for adventures, supplements and resources for not only Call of Cthulhu but other horror RPGs were discussed. 

In 2005, a number of changes occurred within the Call of Cthulhu game line. That year saw a number of very high quality magazines began publication, and these allowed the fans and authors to see their scenarios published in a professional, often paid, format. However, most importantly, at the same time, Chaosium, began to focus more resources of their line of monographs, or short books of adventures and setting material. The arrival of both these outlets made the need for UBB, a publication which was irregularly published at best, redundant, and so the fanzine was closed (the published issues still available over at Yog-sothoth.com – the premier Call of Cthulhu fan site).

Although The Unbound Book is no more, there was a number of half completed, project, games and articles which still exist from this period. As such, the ultimate goal of Unbound Publishing is to produce this material in a more professional manner and offer it to the fans of all horror gaming.
